Add  further content for SIGABRT signal handling (#592)
eclipse/openj9-docs: docs/cmdline_migration.md

## Creating compatible behavior

You can set the following options to make OpenJ9 behave in the same way as HotSpot.

| Option                                                           | Usage                                                                                                                                        |
|------------------------------------------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| ![Start of content that applies only to Java 8 (LTS)](cr/java8.png) [`-Djava.lang.string.substring.nocopy=true`](djavalangstringsubstringnocopy.md) |  Avoid String sharing by String.substring(). ![End of content that applies only to Java 8](cr/java_close_lts.png) |
| [`-Xnuma:none`](xnumanone.md)                                                     | Disable non-uniform memory architecture (NUMA) awareness.       |

> | [`-XXhandleSIGABRT`](xxhandlesigabrt.md) | Force handling of SIGABRT signals to be compatible with HotSpot |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`-XX:-HandleSIGABRT`](xxhandlesigabrt.md) | Disable handling of the SIGABRT signal to be compatible with HotSpot |
```

> | [`-XXhandleSIGABRT`](xxhandlesigabrt.md) | Force handling of SIGABRT signals to be compatible with HotSpot |

Reviewer: The PR still has old changes ... `-XX[+|-]handleSIGABRT` ... missing `:` and `H`. Guess ... after accepting my suggestions in the PR, you may have pushed from an outdated local branch. This would have undone the typo fixes.
